Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/rolePosition.md

$rolePosition[roleID]
```

### Parameters

> - `roleID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The role to get the position of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `roleID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The role for which to get its position.
```
